---
layout: post
title: "Contest Log"
date: 2018-08-20
tags: [contests, submissions, writing, money]
category: submissions
---

Hey, another new blog post, and this time within the week.

I'm starting in on my 'professional year' in my MFA program, so I have been (thankfully, tbh) deluged with opportunities and suggestions for things such as grants and publications. (So much so that, with classwork, human life, etc, I've way behind on researching all these options. Too many irons in the fire.) This blog, or so I assume, is the perfect place to track these things.

So, barring this becoming an actual personal blog, let me introduce this page. Here, I will be tracking contests of interest, as well as whether or not I submitted/my status. At worst, this will serve as a record of how difficult contest submissions are (imagining, of course, someone ever stumbles upon this blog.)

---

### Black Warrior Review 2018 Fiction Contest, w/ Judge Laura van den Berg ###

__Webpage:__ [x](https://bwr.submittable.com/submit/112159/2018-fiction-contest-judge-laura-van-den-berg)

__Due Date:__ September 1st, 2018

__Cost:__ $20/30

__Prize:__ $1000

__Possible Submissions:__ "Landscape into Green," if it loses Glimmer Train; otherwise "The Hands"

__Notes:__ The magazine is big in the MFA-sphere, to my understanding, which is a partial negative for me, but the judge seems cool af. Researching her, she lives along the Kakfa-->安部-->村上 line, albeit following the Latin American Borges-->Cortazar aristrocratic branch, and her writing thematizes unreality/absurdity: aka we're in the same tradition. Thus (if I can do it), "Landscape" is a good fit--it's my most thematically disintegrating, especially of my stronger pieces. "The Hands" is a good second, though its il-literary style would harm it. "The Moth," or at least the portion I'm working on now, would would nicely as well, but I doubt it'll be ready in time.
